now Jephthah the gileadite was a mighty
now Jephthah the gileadite was a mighty man of Valor but he was the son of a
man of Valor but he was the son of a
man of Valor but he was the son of a harlot and Gilead begat jeffer Gilead 's
harlot and Gilead begat jeffer Gilead 's
harlot and Gilead begat jeffer Gilead 's wife bore sons and when his wife's sons
wife bore sons and when his wife's sons
wife bore sons and when his wife's sons grew up they drove Jephthah out you
grew up they drove Jephthah out you
grew up they drove Jephthah out you shall have no inheritance in our
shall have no inheritance in our
shall have no inheritance in our father's house for you are the son of
father's house for you are the son of
father's house for you are the son of another woman then jeffer fled from his
another woman then jeffer fled from his
another woman then jeffer fled from his brothers and dwelt in the land of table
brothers and dwelt in the land of table
brothers and dwelt in the land of table and worthless men banded together with
and worthless men banded together with
and worthless men banded together with Jephthah and went out raiding with him
Jephthah and went out raiding with him
Jephthah and went out raiding with him came to pass after a time that the
came to pass after a time that the
came to pass after a time that the people of Ammon made war against Israel
people of Ammon made war against Israel
people of Ammon made war against Israel and so it was when the people of Ammon
and so it was when the people of Ammon
and so it was when the people of Ammon made war against Israel that the elders
made war against Israel that the elders
made war against Israel that the elders of Gilead went to get gesture from the
of Gilead went to get gesture from the
of Gilead went to get gesture from the land of time then they said to Jetha
land of time then they said to Jetha
land of time then they said to Jetha come and be our commanders that we may
come and be our commanders that we may
come and be our commanders that we may fight against the people of Ammon did
fight against the people of Ammon did
fight against the people of Ammon did you not hate me and expel me for my
you not hate me and expel me for my
you not hate me and expel me for my father's house why have you come to me
father's house why have you come to me
father's house why have you come to me now when you are in distress
that is why we have turned again to you
that is why we have turned again to you now that you may go with us and fight
now that you may go with us and fight
now that you may go with us and fight against the people of ammon and be our
against the people of ammon and be our
against the people of ammon and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead
head over all the inhabitants of Gilead
head over all the inhabitants of Gilead if you take me back home to fight
if you take me back home to fight
if you take me back home to fight against the people of ammon and the Lord
against the people of ammon and the Lord
against the people of ammon and the Lord delivers them to me shall I be your head
delivers them to me shall I be your head
delivers them to me shall I be your head the Lord will be a witness between us if
the Lord will be a witness between us if
the Lord will be a witness between us if we do not do according to your words
we do not do according to your words
we do not do according to your words then jefra went with the elders of
then jefra went with the elders of
then jefra went with the elders of Gilead and the people made him head and
Gilead and the people made him head and
Gilead and the people made him head and commander over them and Jephthah spoke
commander over them and Jephthah spoke
commander over them and Jephthah spoke all his words before the Lord in Misbah
all his words before the Lord in Misbah
all his words before the Lord in Misbah now jefra sent messengers to the king of
now jefra sent messengers to the king of
now jefra sent messengers to the king of the people of ammon what do you have
the people of ammon what do you have
the people of ammon what do you have against me that you have come to fight
against me that you have come to fight
against me that you have come to fight against me in my land and the king of
against me in my land and the king of
against me in my land and the king of the people of ammon answered the
the people of ammon answered the
the people of ammon answered the messengers of Jeb fer because Israel
messengers of Jeb fer because Israel
messengers of Jeb fer because Israel took away my land what they came up out
took away my land what they came up out
took away my land what they came up out of Egypt from the on on as far as the
of Egypt from the on on as far as the
of Egypt from the on on as far as the Jamaat and to the Jordan now therefore
Jamaat and to the Jordan now therefore
Jamaat and to the Jordan now therefore restore those lands peaceably
so Jephthah again sent messengers to the
so Jephthah again sent messengers to the king of the people of ammon thus says
king of the people of ammon thus says
king of the people of ammon thus says Jephthah Israel did not take away the
Jephthah Israel did not take away the
Jephthah Israel did not take away the land of Moab nor the land of the people
land of Moab nor the land of the people
land of Moab nor the land of the people of Ammon for when Israel came up from
of Ammon for when Israel came up from
of Ammon for when Israel came up from Egypt they walked through the wilderness
Egypt they walked through the wilderness
Egypt they walked through the wilderness as far as the Red Sea and came to Kadish
as far as the Red Sea and came to Kadish
as far as the Red Sea and came to Kadish then Israel sent messengers to the king
then Israel sent messengers to the king
then Israel sent messengers to the king of Edom saying please let me pass
of Edom saying please let me pass
of Edom saying please let me pass through your land but the king of Edom
through your land but the king of Edom
through your land but the king of Edom would not heed and in like manner they
would not heed and in like manner they
would not heed and in like manner they sent to the king of Moab but he would
sent to the king of Moab but he would
sent to the king of Moab but he would not consent so Israel remained in Kadish
not consent so Israel remained in Kadish
not consent so Israel remained in Kadish and they went along through the
and they went along through the
and they went along through the wilderness and bypassed the land of Edom
wilderness and bypassed the land of Edom
wilderness and bypassed the land of Edom and the land of Moab came to the east
and the land of Moab came to the east
and the land of Moab came to the east side of the land of Moab and encamped on
side of the land of Moab and encamped on
side of the land of Moab and encamped on the other side of Arnon but they did not
the other side of Arnon but they did not
the other side of Arnon but they did not enter the border of Moab for the Arnon
enter the border of Moab for the Arnon
enter the border of Moab for the Arnon was the border of Moab then Israel sent
was the border of Moab then Israel sent
was the border of Moab then Israel sent messengers to Sihon king of the amorite
messengers to Sihon king of the amorite
messengers to Sihon king of the amorite z-- king of Heshbon and israel said to
z-- king of Heshbon and israel said to
z-- king of Heshbon and israel said to him please let us pass through your land
him please let us pass through your land
him please let us pass through your land into our place but Sion did not trust
into our place but Sion did not trust
into our place but Sion did not trust Israel to pass through his territory
Israel to pass through his territory
Israel to pass through his territory so Sion gathered all his people together
so Sion gathered all his people together
so Sion gathered all his people together encamped in J has and fought against
encamped in J has and fought against
encamped in J has and fought against Israel and the Lord God of Israel
Israel and the Lord God of Israel
Israel and the Lord God of Israel delivered Sion and all his people into
delivered Sion and all his people into
delivered Sion and all his people into the Land of Israel and they defeated
the Land of Israel and they defeated
the Land of Israel and they defeated them
them
them thus Israel gained possession of all the
thus Israel gained possession of all the
thus Israel gained possession of all the land of the amur rights who inhabited
land of the amur rights who inhabited
land of the amur rights who inhabited that country they took possession of all
that country they took possession of all
that country they took possession of all the territory of the amorite s-- from
the territory of the amorite s-- from
the territory of the amorite s-- from the Arnon to the Jabbok and from the
the Arnon to the Jabbok and from the
the Arnon to the Jabbok and from the wilderness to the jordan and now the
wilderness to the jordan and now the
wilderness to the jordan and now the Lord God of Israel has dispossessed the
Lord God of Israel has dispossessed the
Lord God of Israel has dispossessed the Amorite sfrom before his people Israel
Amorite sfrom before his people Israel
Amorite sfrom before his people Israel should you then possess it will you not
should you then possess it will you not
should you then possess it will you not possess whatever key mush your God gives
possess whatever key mush your God gives
possess whatever key mush your God gives you to possess so whatever the Lord our
you to possess so whatever the Lord our
you to possess so whatever the Lord our God takes possession of before us we
God takes possession of before us we
God takes possession of before us we will possess and now are you any better
will possess and now are you any better
will possess and now are you any better than balak the son of zippor king of
than balak the son of zippor king of
than balak the son of zippor king of Moab did he ever strive against Israel
Moab did he ever strive against Israel
Moab did he ever strive against Israel did he ever fight against them while
did he ever fight against them while
did he ever fight against them while Israel dwelt in heshbon and its villages
Israel dwelt in heshbon and its villages
Israel dwelt in heshbon and its villages in a rower and its villages and in all
in a rower and its villages and in all
in a rower and its villages and in all the cities along the banks of the Arnim
the cities along the banks of the Arnim
the cities along the banks of the Arnim for three hundred years why did you not
for three hundred years why did you not
for three hundred years why did you not recover them within that time therefore
recover them within that time therefore
recover them within that time therefore i have not sinned against you but you
i have not sinned against you but you
i have not sinned against you but you wronged me by fighting against me
wronged me by fighting against me
wronged me by fighting against me may the Lord the judge render judgment
may the Lord the judge render judgment
may the Lord the judge render judgment this day between the children of Israel
this day between the children of Israel
this day between the children of Israel and the people of Ammon however the king
and the people of Ammon however the king
and the people of Ammon however the king of the people of Ammon did not heed the
of the people of Ammon did not heed the
of the people of Ammon did not heed the words which Jeff fir sent him
words which Jeff fir sent him
words which Jeff fir sent him then the Spirit of the Lord came upon
then the Spirit of the Lord came upon
then the Spirit of the Lord came upon jephthah and he passed through Gilead
jephthah and he passed through Gilead
jephthah and he passed through Gilead and Manasseh and passed through misper
and Manasseh and passed through misper
and Manasseh and passed through misper of Gilead and from Misbah of Gilead he
of Gilead and from Misbah of Gilead he
of Gilead and from Misbah of Gilead he advanced toward the people of ammon and
advanced toward the people of ammon and
advanced toward the people of ammon and jephthah made a vow to the Lord if you
jephthah made a vow to the Lord if you
jephthah made a vow to the Lord if you will indeed deliver the people of Ammon
will indeed deliver the people of Ammon
will indeed deliver the people of Ammon into my hands and it will be that
into my hands and it will be that
into my hands and it will be that whatever comes out of the doors of my
whatever comes out of the doors of my
whatever comes out of the doors of my house to meet me when I return in peace
house to meet me when I return in peace
house to meet me when I return in peace from the people of Ammon shall surely be
from the people of Ammon shall surely be
from the people of Ammon shall surely be the lords and I will offer it up as a
the lords and I will offer it up as a
the lords and I will offer it up as a burnt offering
burnt offering
burnt offering so jefra advanced toward the people of
so jefra advanced toward the people of
so jefra advanced toward the people of Ammon to fight against them and the Lord
Ammon to fight against them and the Lord
Ammon to fight against them and the Lord delivered them into his hands and he
delivered them into his hands and he
delivered them into his hands and he defeated them from aroa as far as Minnis
defeated them from aroa as far as Minnis
defeated them from aroa as far as Minnis 20 cities and to Abel kellerman with a
20 cities and to Abel kellerman with a
20 cities and to Abel kellerman with a very great slaughter thus the people of
very great slaughter thus the people of
very great slaughter thus the people of Ammon were subdued before the children
Ammon were subdued before the children
Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel
of Israel
of Israel when Jephthah came to his house at
when Jephthah came to his house at
when Jephthah came to his house at Lisbon there was his daughter coming out
Lisbon there was his daughter coming out
Lisbon there was his daughter coming out to meet him
to meet him
to meet him Tim Bowles will dance and she was his
Tim Bowles will dance and she was his
Tim Bowles will dance and she was his only charm
only charm
only charm besides her he had neither son nor
besides her he had neither son nor
besides her he had neither son nor daughter and it came to pass when he saw
daughter and it came to pass when he saw
daughter and it came to pass when he saw her he tore his clothes and said alas my
her he tore his clothes and said alas my
her he tore his clothes and said alas my daughter
you are among those who trouble me for I
you are among those who trouble me for I have given my word to the Lord and I
have given my word to the Lord and I
have given my word to the Lord and I cannot go back on it
cannot go back on it
cannot go back on it my father if you have given your word to
my father if you have given your word to
my father if you have given your word to the Lord do to me according to what has
the Lord do to me according to what has
the Lord do to me according to what has gone out of your mouth because the Lord
gone out of your mouth because the Lord
gone out of your mouth because the Lord has avenged you of your enemies the
has avenged you of your enemies the
has avenged you of your enemies the people of Ammon let this thing be done
people of Ammon let this thing be done
people of Ammon let this thing be done for me let me alone for two months that
for me let me alone for two months that
for me let me alone for two months that I may go and wander on the mountains and
I may go and wander on the mountains and
I may go and wander on the mountains and bewail my virginity my friends and I go
bewail my virginity my friends and I go
bewail my virginity my friends and I go and he sent her away for two months and
and he sent her away for two months and
and he sent her away for two months and she went with her friends and bewailed
she went with her friends and bewailed
she went with her friends and bewailed hellige initi on the mountains and it
hellige initi on the mountains and it
hellige initi on the mountains and it was so at the end of two months that she
was so at the end of two months that she
was so at the end of two months that she returned to her father and he carried
returned to her father and he carried
returned to her father and he carried out his vow with her which he had found
out his vow with her which he had found
out his vow with her which he had found she knew no man and it became a custom
she knew no man and it became a custom
she knew no man and it became a custom in Israel that the daughters of Israel
in Israel that the daughters of Israel
in Israel that the daughters of Israel went four days each year to lament the
went four days each year to lament the
went four days each year to lament the daughter of Jeptha the gileadite